hey guys so I was just getting ready for
bed i put my sleepy shirt on and i am
about to take a lonely makeup and my dad
comes home and he's like oh here's mail
you got a bright pink package and I'm
like yeah Mike lamb and the reason that
I was so excited was because I thought
that this month's my glam would be so
much better than last month because last
month's was there was a lot of commotion
about it and questions about whether
like the products are real and all this
stuff and I had put a video up which
I'll link below if you haven't seen it
and got a lot of people that agreed with
me and I said should I unsubscribe now
or weeded out so I decided to give him
the benefit of the doubt and waited out
another month and honestly I guess I'm
glad I did because I didn't want to like
jump the gun on that one month because
you know it's a new company and I know
they have flaws but this is exactly how
birch bark box started out where so I've
heard you pay the monthly fee and then
things are great and then they just go
downhill honestly I thought that my clan
would be better for a few more months
before they went downhill I just want to
say i do not want to sound snobby i hope
you guys don't think I'm being
ungrateful or anything and if you do
agree with me please comment below I'm
just really disappointed in this month
with okay so i guess i'll show you guys
what I got um I'm just it honestly it's
just crap it's all crap and I really
hate to see that and I'm not trying to
bash the company i know there are new
company but I really subside up for this
because I was excited to get new
products and I heard that they would be
good light with deluxe eyes like makeup
products not this garbage like and I'm
not trying to be mean again like I said
this is completely my honest opinion
okay so the first thing it came in this
bag which I have to say this is the one
thing i like um so far the two bags are
my favorite parts but definitely not
worth ten dollars i don't know if anyone
else experiences but my bag smells
absolutely horrendous it smells like
mothballs and i have really bad memory
of moles mothballs because when i was
little on there was this old creepy lady
who never showered and she lives
underneath my grandma's basement like
she was like her landlord and her name
was gets miss Ghetts that's only colored
and gifts I have no idea why I think it
was the last name I don't know but she
stunk to high freaking heaven
this bag smells like Mesquite's so as
cute as it is I think to be honest I'm
just gonna I don't know try to wash it
and if it doesn't work just toss it
because I can't put this in my makeup
bag I will really go crazy if my whole
entire bag smells like mrs. anyway so
inside it comes with these cards like
they're wasting so much paper sending us
all those cards and might be like
freaking save a tree okay so it comes
with this sheet that says when on the
webcam so I don't think I'd turn it but
it just adds on something about Kara
color which is hair care I guess just
says a little information about it and
then it has this included which is Kara
color for all hair types color hansung
leave in treatment um I guess that's
cool but I've never heard of this brand
and I have a lot of good hair care
products that have kept my hair healthy
and helps it grow so um I didn't really
need a new hair care leave in treatment
although whatever it's included so I
guess I'll try it but um I've never
heard this brand either so I guess it's
to try a new brand so not gonna like
bash that like I don't really need a new
hair treatment and also it says for hair
color enhancing what if you don't pull
your hair anyway okay next thing is this
post card that says Durham store package
derm store $25 gift card which i guess
this cool there's Michelle Phan looking
awesome Venice has derm store your
prescription for skin and beauty twenty
percent savings on the following
products like I didn't sign up to make
1000 months to get savings I can do that
on groupon or other discount sites
online next thing is again Durham store
gift card did I read this before oh yeah
this is what hits me f off just for you
twenty five dollars off orders of fifty
dollars or more enter the code below a
check out okay
you have to spend fifty dollars and use
this or spent well not really but it's
gonna take off 25 so 25 plus 25 is 50 so
you're spending twenty five dollars to
use this I could buy $25 at sephora and
gain beauty points you know I'm saying
so it's like don't need that okay then
it comes with two little samples in this
cute packaging but like I said Sephora
gives use free samples ulta.com gives
you free samples you always get free
samples so essential daily moisturizer
of a brand I never heard of / lease /
lists and marad I lift Perfector with
maybe the size of a little tiny insect
inside of it like there's no product in
here except the very top so um that's
another waste like I said I'm not trying
to be like a bash the company but I'm
just really disappointed and I want to
share with you guys so those of you
think you might want to subscribe maybe
reconsider and don't waste your money
like I feel like I'm wasting life okay
so then you get to the actual only two
items which the others is just like
cards and samples and let's start with
this which is one of the first items
that is the pervy sore / list pure lip
comfort conditioner I have great
conditioners from the lives I swear by
alka for I guess I can try this out but
I really thought that the brands would
be like the first glam bag that I didn't
even get but you know my axe products
and just other I don't know like more
like I don't know popular brands i guess
and i don't know if that's wrong for me
to say that i wish they were more
popular brands but like the well-known
brands like this is kind of like just
trying what they want to sell and I'm
kind of just I wasn't prepared for that
and I tried this on my lips guys I don't
know if any of you just remove me or
maybe it's just my product but this
feels like absolute crap like it doesn't
have a scent oh it got I that I'm at a
loss of words it feels sort of like
Vaseline so I guess I'll use it when my
lips get dry a crack just to test it out
but my first impression is that it's
nothing special and I feel like if it
was we would have heard of this but
again I'm not going to judge
just has applied ellipse ingredients
loop by peptides white t blue lotus I
wish I had some sort of sent it doesn't
really have a send its kind of I don't
know weird texture but I'll give it a
try then the last thing in Oakland bag
is this little package with stunts it on
a brush a little baby brush now I'm not
gonna lie this is pretty cute I mean it
is pink which is awesome this thing is
pretty cool like you can put I guess
another brush or a lip gloss in there
and pack it to go um but and I mean it's
pretty soft it's a good blending brush I
guess but um I just ordered and I did a
review on the coastal science 22b fresh
set which I love I have a really good
sigma brush like I have a lot of brushes
and I'm not going to say that I am NOT
going to use this because i will try it
but um I don't know I just I have a lot
of makeup brushes it's pretty soft I'll
give them that so this is the one thing
besides this that I'm actually excited
for and think they did a relatively good
job on although this smells like it's
keith so i'm not going to use that and
yeah so this is pretty good it's a
pretty sweet brush if you guys can see
it looks and feels really soft I'm I'm
being completely honest with you this is
soft brush but ten dollars for this I
could go to the drugstore like that's
the this is the only thing I feel like
that's actually worth the money um so
yeah I'm pretty disappointed I didn't
really want to unsubscribe because I was
worried last time if I did the next bag
would be really good and I miss out um
I'm tempted to give it one more month
but maybe you know third time's a charm
and I'll get lucky but this is like just
not for me and if you guys feel similar
or disagree with me completely please
leave a comment below I love when I can
use my videos as like discussion boards
for other people like who don't know
whether to try it or not or who
absolutely love it and feel completely
opposite of me because I love hearing
other people's opinions even if they're
so different so anyway guys that is my
review on the marsh my going bag I'm
really sorry if you guys were offended
by my attitude I'm just like what did I
pay for like ten dollars a month for
what honestly I don't understand
but anyway thank you guys so much for
watching and I'll see you in my next
video bye